How are you?
I'm good, thanks.
What's your name?
I'm Richard.
Where are you from?
I'm from Ecuador.
How old are you?
I'm 35.
When's your birthday?
It's on May 1st.
Where do you live?
I live in Texas.
What do you do?
I'm a doctor.
Where do you work?
I work in a hospital.
Where do you study?
I study at Choco English Academy.
What's your favorite book?
My favorite book is the Bible.
What's your favorite movie?
My favorite movie is Gifted Hands.
What's your favorite food?
My favorite food is Mexican food.
What's your favorite book?
My favorite hobby is reading and
listening to music.
What's your favorite color?
My favorite color is black.
What time is it?
It's 2 .30pm.
It's 8 o 'clock.
I need your help, can you help me please?
Sure, tell me what you need.
What do you think about money?
I think money is important.
What will you do tomorrow?
I'll work and I'll study.
Yeah, I'm gonna travel to Mexico.
Do you like to eat?
Yes, I like to eat pizza.
Do you like to play?
Yes, I like to play soccer.
What do you do in your free time?
I read, listen to music, talk to friends.
What's your phone number?
It's 310 -353 -4870.
What's your email address?
How was your day?
It was great, I really enjoyed it.
How was your weekend?
It was really bad, I couldn't do much.
Who's your best friend?
My best friend is my cousin, Marta.
Do you have siblings?
Yeah, I have siblings.
How many siblings do you have?
Yeah, I have six siblings, one sister and
five brothers.
Do you have children?
Yeah, I have children.
How many children do you have?
I've got four kids, one boy and three girls.
Do you have friends?
Yeah, I've got friends.
How many friends do you have?
Wow, I've got a lot of friends.
How do you say eros?
Rice.
Are you married?
Yes, I'm married.
Are you single?
No, I'm not single.
Are you engaged?
No, I'm not engaged.